Ok so today we're going to talk a little bit about N-G class directive and we'll see what it does.
So let's have the code already written out here you'll be able to.
I will.
I will go through it.
But let's just go to the site and see what's going on here.
See I was doing some testing.
So I've added a button select and when I click on that button select the background changes color to
does horrifically I see.
Well it's painful for green.
That's painful for the eyes.
Let's put it like that.
If I click the select it is the color changes to a pleasant Gray.
Select the select see what is happening.
So how do we go about implementing this logic.
Well the very first thing you need to do is go into the sea.
SS Well that's not the first thing that you can do but I'm just explaining it in that order.
You'll put dot selected and you will put the background color to this horrific Gray.
Now we're going to go ahead and enter the app component.
Yes.
And here there are a few things that we need to do.
So let's begin from the top.
The first thing that we're going to need to do is basically just see where it is.
OK.
So create this array.
This is basically a private property of type array whose elements will be of type Boolean.
And we have already initialized two of them.
We have stated we have populated two of them so this falls falls and we would like the initial status
of our first two accounts to be non selected non selected.
You can see the the constructor has been removed and I have simply added this to initialize to do two
initializations in the same way without the constructor.
Anyway so disarray it immediately sets the initial status for both of them for both counts to be false
false.
So they are not selected.
And down below we have a function we have a method which basically determines whether something has
been selected or not so it says this dot underlines selected and index some index which is basically
passed to the function.
So we're determining which ID we would which element of which ID we would like to be selected or de-selected.
And then we're just negating the status of the element of disarray.
So it says selected and then it says 0 1 2 3 4 5.
So go to Element 5 take the value of Element 5 so the start cycle will take the element of value 5 and
let's say that that value is false.
It will equal to false being negated because this and this will produce the same value.
But since we have an exclamation mark this will be negated.
This year will be negated so false will become true and true will become false.
We're basically just reversing whether a certain element of the array is false or true.
If it was false it will become true if it was true.
It will become false.
Simple as that.
Now during the creation of the new account we would also like to add the status of the new account which
will be false so this underlined selected Bush as you can see this is no different from adding a new
account except we are populating the other array as well which records the status of what is something
of weather for that particular account is the selected option.
False or true and we of course have the deletion here set as well so when we remove the account we would
also like to remove it state it's selected status with the selected status is false or true.
I would also like to delete that so you can basically say that this boolean array here is matching the
account's array so one and two one is matching the other in terms of how many elements it has and its
positions.
So for each account for each element of the account for each element of the.
How did I name it.
Selected array so I creative accounts or is the accounts where have I placed it.
OK.
So for each element of the array of the array accounts please have a status recorded in a different
array which is basically selected underline selected that is its name.
So each one of those in fact let me just go ahead and do this control X and place it for my comments.
OK.
Let's just place it here.
So you see each one of these elements.
This could have been done probably a different way you could have placed you could have placed an additional
field here but doesn't really matter.
So anyway you have I wanted to highlighted.
OK.
Well you can put a semi colon.
There we go and put a semi-colon.
Then the highlighting will work.
Anyway as I was saying each element of the selected array will match elements of the account's array.
So each element of the account's array will have its status designated as false or true.
The initial status for this account and this account is basically false and false.
And this will be the default.
I've left a comment here a small one and this will be the default state of each new created account
as as you can see when an account is created.
A false or true value is added to our selected array.
So we're immediately adding false.
In this case we're not going to be adding true because we want the initial status of all new accounts
to be unselected only in the case that the user selects it will it become true.
Now let's go to the HD and all and there is just one thing that has been treating the entirety of the
HD M-L and that is the engg class directive which has been added and in addition to that we also created
a select or de-select button.
So let's go over those two so you have in your class directive which is equal to something here something
strange.
Basically the syntax is the same as with property bindings so we will need the curly braces.
And this is what you see this what you see here.
This is an object.
This here selected this is the property and to write this underline selected is the value of the property.
So you have selected and then you have underlined selected and the element of the array is specified
that element of the array is specified through the index which we have used in the end G-4
this will in effect.
Basically if the value pooled from the array is true the source code for this will look something like
this.
So A.S.C. underline selected if the value of underlined selected if the value pool from this array is
false the code will look like this.
So that's what the NGI class does here basically determines whether this is true or not and whether
this will be included in the class or not.
We will see that in the source code of site when we get a little bit and see the output down below.
We have a button and so on click we would like to call a method select and pass an index and pass and
pass the best index to it.
Then you have nothing.
Nothing really new here but you have a bit of a logic here.
So this is basically a simpler way or a shorter way of writing an if statement.
So this will pool of value from the selected array and if that value depending on what the the value
is false or true.
So if it's true you will have de-select that will be the name of the button.
If it's false you will have select in the name of the button.
So let's go ahead and see how this actually works.
I press select.
This happens when I press the select.
This happens.
OK let's press F 12
and Q So I just find it.
My app
OK just clicked on a couple of times.
OK.
So you see here since it's not like that it says div class equals a c c.
So nothing strange there.
Nothing new.
That's fine.
But if I click on select you see it says A.S.C. selected and since it says your selected we have our
good old fashioned CSSA.
It says Dotts selected and this is the background for it.
So if the SS sees this starts selected that is
implemented here A.S.C. underline selected it will of course change the background color to this particular
color here.
I know it's a little bit I know it's a lot to take in just like this.
Believe me it is very simple.
If you have any questions feel free to pose them.
We will gladly answer them without any problems whatsoever and we will gladly offer further explanation
and insight as needed.
But for the time being I bid you farewell and we shall continue onwards.